explanation of proposed CI YAML file (#55)
codefordallas/codefordallas.github.io: docs/CI_Explainer.md

# About This File

In order to assist our volunteers in understanding [the Continuous Integration file](../.github/workflows/ci.yaml), this README will be providing links and additional insights.

This will not be a complete explanation - you can learn more [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions).

> [Continous Integration](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/introduction/) is what developers call the automatic process of linting (checking code for style errors or erros in general), testing, and other checks BEFORE your branch is merged (integrated). This is done usually through platforms that are running "jobs" for these various tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Continuous Integration](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/introduction/) is what developers call the automatic process of linting (checking code for style errors or errors in general), testing, and other checks BEFORE your branch is merged (integrated). This is done usually through platforms that are running "jobs" for these various tasks.
```

> [Continous Integration](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/introduction/) is what developers call the automatic process of linting (checking code for style errors or erros in general), testing, and other checks BEFORE your branch is merged (integrated). This is done usually through platforms that are running "jobs" for these various tasks.

Author: ```suggestion
[Continous Integration](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/introduction/) is what developers call the automatic process of linting (checking code for style errors or errors in general), testing, and other checks BEFORE your branch is merged (integrated). This is done usually through platforms that are running "jobs" for these various tasks.
```
